---
title: 20230702 - Website Updates
description: ""
date: 2023-07-02T12:09:39.541Z
lastDateUpdated: 2023-07-02T12:09:40.196Z
categories:
  - Website Updates
---

While composing this blog update, I was about list down few excuses for a long time of having no post for the few months. Regardless of the details, it is all goes down into two things.

**Excuses** and **Procrastination**.

And honestly, I am forcing myself to create an update for today. Again, because of some excuses which lead me to procrastinate for sure. Fortunately, I was able to convince myself to make a progress for this website as it will be my portfolio and learning playground from then to upcoming days.

So here are the minor updates, so far...

## Updates

1. **Homepage have new section updates**. I manage to add the section for recent blog posts and updated the article categories section and made some adjustment in Nunjucks files to use reusable contents. For now, I have taken notes of this approach for reference in making an article entry in the future.

2. **Reusable Nunjucts file displaying recent blog posts**. I have added this new file and reused by injecting it in the Home page and the dedicated Blog page.

3. **Reusable Nunjucts file displaying recent article posts**. I have added this new file and reused by injecting it in the Home page and the dedicated Article page. However, it only shows the categories for now and not displaying any recent article post. Yet.

4. **Made a bunch of stylesheets changes related to the reusable contents**. Changes were all over the place and I haven't implemented any standards or patterns for the styles using SCSS. As for standard, I am partially using BEM approach as I plan to learn more other methodogies, patterns, or standard (whichever you prefer).

## Challenges and Future Plans

Time Management and tendency to Procrastinate are my may challenges. For the solution, I currently alloted a dedicated time every Sunday to work on this website project.

Technicality-wise, no challenges for now since I still at early stage of exploring JAMStack technologies and ealy stage of this website development. At the moment, I am foreseeing challenge in the future in terms of handling authentication and identity management since I am using Azure Static Web Apps to host this website.

I planned to utilize Microsoft Azure service to manage user identities for this website but that is for the future for now as I have to establish the contents and some areas of this website first.

## Conclusion

I am at the losing side in the battle with Procrastination at the moment, however, I will be at the other side soon enough. Time Management itself is a battle, so, I am at war in all sides.

Nevertheless, I do acknowledge my misgivings and areas for me to improve.

See you in the other side (finish line after beating Procrastination)!